<html><head><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"><title>Conversation with #debian-multimedia at Tue 11 Mar 2014 06:50:02 PM CET on magnetophon@irc.oftc.net (irc)</title></head><body><h3>Conversation with #debian-multimedia at Tue 11 Mar 2014 06:50:02 PM CET on magnetophon@irc.oftc.net (irc)</h3>
<font size="2">(06:50:02 PM)</font><b> The topic for #debian-multimedia is: discussions of packaging issues for audio and video applications | <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/DebianMultimedia">http://wiki.debian.org/DebianMultimedia</a> |  Please help with Bugs: <a href="http://deb.li/itGsE">http://deb.li/itGsE</a> | <a href="http://pet.debian.net/pkg-multimedia/pet.cgi">http://pet.debian.net/pkg-multimedia/pet.cgi</a> | not related to deb-multimedia.org</b><br/>
<font size="2">(06:50:02 PM)</font><b> Topic for #debian-multimedia set by ChanServ!services@services.oftc.net at 02:58:00 PM on 02/02/2014</b><br/>
<font size="2">(06:57:09 PM)</font><b> alessio_ left the room (quit: Quit: Leaving).</b><br/>
